#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\renewcommand\theenumi{(\alph{enumi})}
\renewcommand\labelenumi{\theenumi}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\begin_modules
theorems-ams-bytype
theorems-ams-extended-bytype
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format dvi
\output_sync 1
\output_sync_macro "\synctex=-1"
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\branch abc
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch pf of gamma = 0
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes true
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Side Notes of Video Lecture
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
The variance of MA(q)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For an MA(q) process 
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
y_{t}=e_{t}+\beta_{1}e_{t-1}+\beta_{2}e_{t-2}+\cdots+\beta_{q}e_{t-q},
\]

\end_inset

the variance 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathrm{var}\left(y_{t}\right)=\sum_{l=1}^{q}\left(\beta_{l}^{2}+1\right)\sigma_{e}^{2}$
\end_inset

, where 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

1
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 comes from the fact that the coefficient of 
\begin_inset Formula $e_{t}$
\end_inset

 is normalized as 
\begin_inset Formula $1$
\end_inset

.
 In the video the index is not aligned correctly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Estimation of MA Model
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The principle of estimating MA is maximum likelihood.
 What is presented in the video is a unconditional MLE with a hand-waving
 treatment of the initial value.
 There are alternative formulation of estimation, for example the conditional
 MLE.
 Details can be found in Sheppard's lecture notes.
 A rigorous development of the estimation method would involve too much
 calculation and is beyond the scope of the course.
 However, in reality the estimation is always handled by software automatically.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
